README.md, before:

<!-- ![Community content](/assets/banner-community-content.png) -->

# Community content

Contribute and collaborate on educational content for the "NEAR in Minutes" Community.

## Tutorials

Follow along with our community tutorials to get you up and running with NEAR Protocol.

- [Report an Issue](https://github.com/near-in-minutes/community/issues/new?assignees=ozanisgor&labels=bug%2C+incoming&template=report-an-issue.md&title=%5BBUG%5D)
- [Suggest New Topic](https://github.com/near-in-minutes/community/issues/new?assignees=&labels=looking+for+creator%2C+incoming&template=suggest-new-topic.md&title=%5BNEW+TOPIC%5D)
- [Submit New Content](https://github.com/near-in-minutes/community/issues/new?assignees=&labels=in+progress%2C+incoming&template=submit-new-content.md&title=%5BNEW+CONTENT%5D)
- [Translate Existing Content](https://github.com/near-in-minutes/community/issues/new?assignees=&labels=translation%2C+incoming&template=translate-existing-content.md&title=%5BNEW+TRANSLATION%5D)

## Members

Thank you to all the people who created content for the community!

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ozanisgor.png" width="80" height="80" />
  <img src="https://github.com/norrec99.png" width="80" height="80" />
  <img src="https://github.com/hiba-machfej.png" width="80" height="80" />
  <img src="https://github.com/amgando.png" width="80" height="80" />
</p>

Commit message:

update: readme for how to contribute

README.md, after:

![Near In Minutes](assets/near-in-minutes-banner.png)

# Community content

Contribute and collaborate on educational content for the "NEAR in Minutes" Community.

<website_here>

## Where to contribute

- [Report an Issue](https://github.com/near-in-minutes/community/issues/new?assignees=ozanisgor&labels=bug%2C+incoming&template=report-an-issue.md&title=%5BBUG%5D)
- [Suggest New Topic](https://github.com/near-in-minutes/community/issues/new?assignees=&labels=looking+for+creator%2C+incoming&template=suggest-new-topic.md&title=%5BNEW+TOPIC%5D)
- [Submit New Content](https://github.com/near-in-minutes/community/issues/new?assignees=&labels=in+progress%2C+incoming&template=submit-new-content.md&title=%5BNEW+CONTENT%5D)
- [Translate Existing Content](https://github.com/near-in-minutes/community/issues/new?assignees=&labels=translation%2C+incoming&template=translate-existing-content.md&title=%5BNEW+TRANSLATION%5D)

## How to contribute

If you notice a bug, you have a topic to see or you created a tutorial for Near In Minutes then you can follow along with the [How To Contribute](how-to-contribute/README.md) guideline to contribute our community.

## Contributors

Thank you to all the people who created content for the community!

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/ozanisgor.png" width="80" height="80" />
  <img src="https://github.com/norrec99.png" width="80" height="80" />
  <img src="https://github.com/hiba-machfej.png" width="80" height="80" />
  <img src="https://github.com/amgando.png" width="80" height="80" />
</p>
